`r/azurerm_managed_disk`: Add support for `hyper_v_generation` property (#13825)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/managed_disk.html.markdown

* `encryption_settings` - (Optional) A `encryption_settings` block as defined below.

> * `hyper_v_generation_version` - (Optional) The generation of HyperV of the Disk. Applicable to OS disks only. Possible values are `V1` and `V2`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hyper_v_generation` - (Optional) The HyperV Generation of the Disk, which can only be set for OS Disks. Possible values are `V1` and `V2`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Doc updated

Author: I added a similar clarification like in `os_type`. This property is similar to `os_type`, which can be specified by user when an image reference is not provided, but will be assigned a value by server from the image if it is specified.
I'm thinking if we need to add more comments to this property as well as `os_type` explaining when to use `ignore_changes` for these two properties. What do you think @tombuildsstuff
